docs: clarify BigQuery WIF is not supported in dbt Fusion (#9034)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_fusion-dwh.md

   <Expandable alt_header="BigQuery">  
    - Service Account / User Token
    - Native OAuth

>     - External OAuth (Workload Identity Federation is not currently supported in dbt Fusion — coming soon)

Author: ```suggestion
    - External OAuth (Workload Identity Federation is not currently supported in <Constant name="fusion"/>. Support coming soon)
```

   <Expandable alt_header="BigQuery">  
    - Service Account / User Token
    - Native OAuth
    - External OAuth 

>       - [Workload Identity Federation](/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-bigquery-oauth?version=1.12#set-up-bigquery-workload-identity-federation) isn't currently supported in <Constant name="fusion"/>. Support coming soon.

Author: ```suggestion
      - [Workload Identity Federation](/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-bigquery-oauth?version=1.12#set-up-bigquery-workload-identity-federation) isn't currently supported in <Constant name="fusion"/>. Use a [Native OAuth connection](/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-bigquery-oauth#set-up-bigquery-native-oauth) or service account instead. Support coming soon.
```
